Reticulating splines...
(Insert quarter)
(Pay no attention to the man behind the curtain)
-cuts and become its own independent message?
...and enjoy the elevator music...
...at least you're not on hold...
1,000,000 bottles of beer on the wall..
640K ought to be enough for anybody
99 bottles of beer on the wall..
@todo Insert witty loading message
A commit a day keeps the mobs away
A computer will do what you tell it to do, but that may be much different from what you had in mind.
A different error message? Finally, some progress!
A kiss is like a fight, with mouths.
Adding random changes to your data..
Adjusting data for your IQ..
Adjusting flux capacitor...
Adjusting the dilithium crystal converter assembly
Adults are just kids with money.
All I really need is a kilobit.
All of your web browsers belong to us
All your web browser are belong to us
Alt-F4 speeds things up.
And enjoy the elevator music
Are we there yet?
Are you ready?
As if you had any other choice
At least you're not on hold
Aw, snap! Not..
BRB, working on my side project
Baking ice cream...
Be careful not to step in the git-gui
Bending the spoon...
Bored of slow loading spinner, buy more RAM!
Building a wall...
Bypassing control of the matter-antimatter integrator
Checking the gravitational constant in your locale...
Chuck Norris doesn’t wear a watch. HE decides what time it is.
Chuck Norris never git push. The repo pulls before.
Cleaning off the cobwebs...
Coffee at my place, tommorow at 10A.M. - don't be late!
Coffee, Chocolate, Men. The richer the better!
Composer hack: Waiting for reqs to be fetched is less frustrating if you add -vvv to your command.
Computing chance of success
Computing the secret to life, the universe, and everything.
Connecting Neurotoxin Storage Tank...
Constructing additional pylons...
Converging tachyon pulses
Convincing AI not to turn evil..
Counting backwards from Infinity
Cracking military-grade encryption...
Creating an anti-time reaction
Creating time-loop inversion field
Debugging Debugger...
Definitely not a virus...
Deleting System32 folder
Deleting all your hidden porn...
Didn't know paint dried so quickly.
Dig on the 'X' for buried treasure... ARRR!
Digested cookies being baked again.
Discovering new ways of making you wait...
Disrupting warp fields with an inverse graviton burst
Distracted by cat gifs
Dividing by zero...
Dividing eternity by zero, please be patient..
Do not run! We are your friends!
Do you come here often?
Do you like my loading animation? I made it myself
Do you think this is supposed to be funny? I'm doing my best here trying to load this page!
Doing something useful..
Doing the heavy lifting
Don't break your screen yet!
Don't panic... AHHHHH!
Don't think of purple hippos...
Don't worry - a few bits tried to escape, but we caught them
Downloading Downloader...
Downloading more RAM..
Embiggening Prototypes
Ensuring Gnomes are still short.
Entangling superstrings...
Entertaining you while you wait..
Everything in this universe is either a potato or not a potato
Everything sounds the same
Feeding unicorns...
Feel free to spin in your chair
Filtering morale...
Finding someone to hold my beer
Follow the white rabbit
Forget you saw that password I just typed into the IM ...
Generating witty dialog...
Get some coffee and come back in ten minutes..
Go ahead -- hold your breath!
Go ahead, hold your breath and do an ironman plank till loading complete
Go get a coffee or something. This is going to take a while.
Grabbing extra minions
Granting wishes...
HELP! I'm being held hostage, and forced to write the stupid lines!
Hang on a sec, I know the data is here somewhere
Have a good day.
Have you lost weight?
Hello IT, have you tried turning it off and on again?
Hello, IT... Have you tried forcing an unexpected reboot?
Help, I'm trapped in a loader!
Hiding all ;'s in your code
Hold on while we wrap up our git together...sorry
Houston, we have a problem
How about this weather, eh?
How did you get here?
Hum something loud while others stare
I’ve got problem for your solution…..
I am free of all prejudices. I hate everyone equally.
I am not trapped in this loading screen with you, you are trapped in this loading screen with me!
I didn't choose the engineering life. The engineering life chose me.
I feel like I'm supposed to be loading something..
I feel like im supposed to be loading something. . .
I fired, and I missed.
I found a typo! Sending..
I love my job only when I'm on vacation...
I need to git pull --my-life-together
I should have had a V8 this morning.
I swear it's almost done.
I think I am, therefore, I am. I think.
I'm going to walk the dog
I'm not lazy, I'm just relaxed!
I'm sorry Dave, I can't do that.
If I’m not back in five minutes, just wait longer.
If you type Google into Google you can break the internet
Improving your reading skills..
Initializing the initializer...
Installing dependencies
Is this Windows?
It is dark. You're likely to be eaten by a grue.
It's 10:00pm. Do you know where your children are?
It's not you. It's me.
It's still faster than you could draw it
Java developers never RIP. They just get Garbage Collected.
Just count to 10
Just stalling to simulate activity..
Keeping all the 1's and removing all the 0's...
Kindly hold on as our intern quits vim...
Kindly hold on as we convert this bug to a feature...
Last call for the data bus! All aboard!
Laughing at your pictures-I mean, loading...
Let's hope it's worth the wait
Let's take a mindfulness minute...
Life is Short – Talk Fast!!!!
Listening for the sound of one hand clapping...
Live long and prosper.
Load it and they will come
Loading completed. Press F13 to continue.
Loading funny message...
Loading new loading screen
Loading the enchanted bunny...
Locating Jebediah Kerman...
Locating the required gigapixels to render..
Looking for exact change
Looking for sense of humour, please hold on.
Making sure all the i's have dots...
May the forks be with you
Measuring the cable length to fetch your data..
Mining more minerals
Mining some bitcoins...
My other loading screen is much faster.
Never let a computer know you're in a hurry.
Never steal. The government hates competition....
No, I'm awake. I was just resting my eyes.
Nobody expects the Spanish Inquisition!
Obfuscating quantum entaglement..
One mississippi, two mississippi...
Optimism – is a lack of information.....
Optimizing the optimizer...
Ordering 1s and 0s...
Our premium plan is faster
Patience! This is difficult, you know...
Pay no attention to the man behind the curtain
Please be patient. The program should finish loading in six to eight weeks.
Please count to 10..
Please don't move..
Please hold on as we reheat our coffee
Please wait until the sloth starts moving.
Please wait while a larger software vendor in Seattle takes over the world
Please wait while the intern refills his coffee.
Please wait while the little elves draw your map
Please wait while the minions do their work
Please wait while we serve other customers...
Please wait, while we purge the Decepticons for you. Yes, you can thank us later!
Please wait... Consulting the manual...
Prepare for awesomeness!
Proving P=NP...
Pushing pixels...
Putting the icing on the cake. The cake is not a lie...
QUIET! I'm trying to think here!
Reading Terms and Conditions for you.
Recalculating PI..
Reconfoobling energymotron...
Reversing the shield polarity
Roping some seaturtles...
Running swag sticker detection...
Running with scissors...
Rupturing the subspace barrier
Save water and shower together
Searching for Answer to Life, the Universe, and Everything
Searching for plot device...
Sending data to FB-I mean, our servers.
Sending data to NS-i mean, our servers.
Should have used a compiled language...
Shovelling coal into the server..
Simulating traveling salesman...
So, do you come here often?
Some days, you just can’t get rid of a bug!
Some things man was never meant to know. For everything else, there's Google.
Sometimes I think war is God’s way of teaching us geography.
Sooooo... Have you seen my vacation photos yet?
Sorry we are busy catching em' all, we're done soon
Space is invisible mind dust, and stars are but wishes.
Spawn more Overlord!
Spinning the hamster…
Spinning the wheel of fortune...
Spinning up the hamster..
Spinning violently around the y-axis...
Stay awhile and listen..
Still faster than Windows update
Swapping time and space..
Swapping time and space...
Switching to the latest JS framework..
Switching to the latest JS framework...
TODO: Insert elevator music
Testing on Timmy... We're going to need another Timmy.
The Elders of the Internet would never stand for it.
The architects are still drafting
The architects are still drafting..
The bits are breeding
The bits are breeding..
The bits are flowing slowly today
The last time I tried this the monkey didn't survive. Let's hope it works better this time.
The server is powered by a lemon and two electrodes
The server is powered by a lemon and two electrodes.
The severity of your issue is always lower than you expected.
There is no cow level, but there's a goat one!
There is no spoon. Because we are not done loading it
They just toss us away like yesterday's jam.
They're fairly regular, the beatings, yes. I'd say we're on a bi-weekly beating.
This is not a joke, it's a commit.
This seems to be taking quite long.. How about you contact your ISP?
Time flies like an arrow; fruit flies like a banana
Time flies when you’re having fun.
Tokenizing real life..
Tokenizing real life...
Trying to sort in O(n)...
Twiddling thumbs..
Twiddling thumbs...
Two men walked into a bar; the third ducked..
Two men walked into a bar; the third ducked...
Unafking...
Unicorns are at the end of this road, I promise.
Unix is user-friendly. It's just very selective about who its friends are.
Up, Up, Down, Down, Left, Right, Left, Right, B, A.
Updating Updater..
Updating Updater...
Updating dependencies..
Updating dependencies...
Updating to Windows Vista..
Updating to Windows Vista...
Upgrading Windows, your PC will restart several times. Sit back and relax.
User: the word computer professionals use when they mean !!idiot!!
Wait, do you smell something burning?
Water detected on drive C: - spin dry commencing...
Water detected on drive C: - spin dry commencing...
Water detected on drive C: - spin dry commencing...
Water detected on drive C: - spin dry commencing...
Water detected on drive C: - spin dry commencing...
Water detected on drive C: - spin dry commencing...
Water detected on drive C: - spin dry commencing...
Water detected on drive C: - spin dry commencing...
Water detected on drive C: - spin dry commencing...
Water detected on drive C: - spin dry commencing...
Water detected on drive C: - spin dry commencing...
Water detected on drive C: - spin dry commencing...
Waiting Daenerys say all her titles..
Waiting Daenerys say all her titles...
Waiting for magic to happen..
Waking up the minions
Warning: Do not set yourself on fire.
Warning: Don't set yourself on fire.
We’re going to need a bigger boat.
We are not liable for any broken screens as a result of waiting.
We love you just the way you are
We need a new fuse..
We need a new fuse...
We need more dilithium crystals
We need more minerals
We'll finish this before the next Half-Life releases..
We're building the buildings as fast as we can
We're building the buildings as fast as we can..
We're making you a cookie.
We're testing your patience
We're working very Hard .... Really
Web developers do it with <style>
Well, this is embarrassing.
Well, what are you waiting for?
What do you call 8 Hobbits? A Hobbyte.
What is the airspeed velocity of an unladen swallow?
What is the difference between a hippo and a zippo? One is really heavy, the other is a little lighter
What is the difference btwn a hippo and a zippo? One is really heavy, the other is a little lighter
What the what?
What's under there?
Whatever you do, don't look behind you..
Whatever you do, don't look behind you...
When nothing is going right, go left!
When nothing is going right, go left!!..
When nothing is going right, go left!!...
When was the last time you dusted around here?
Whenever I find the key to success, someone changes the lock.
Where did all the internets go
Where there’s a will, there’s a relative.
While the satellite moves into position
Whoah, look at it go!
Why are they called apartments if they are all stuck together?
Why don't you order a sandwich?
Why so serious?
Winter is coming..
Winter is coming...
Work, work..
Work, work...
Would you like fries with that?
Would you prefer chicken, steak, or tofu?
Wouldn't you hate it if you're reading a message and it-
You are number 2843684714 in the queue
You don’t pay taxes—they take taxes.
You edhall not pass! yet..
You expected a funny message here, but it was me! DIO!
You may call me Steve.
You seem like a nice person..
You seem like a nice person...
You shall not pass! yet..
You're beautiful the way you are.
You're not in Kansas any more
Your computer has a virus, its name is Windows!
Your left thumb points to the right and your right thumb points to the left.
Your time is important to us. Please hold.
Your time is very important to us. Please wait while we ignore you..
Your time is very important to us. Please wait while we ignore you...
format C: ...
git happens
i'm not lazy, I'm just relaxed!!
it's still faster than you could draw it
keep calm and npm install